This is magicfilter 2.3

It's somewhat different from magicfilter 1.2:

    * the printer definition file format has changed;  it is now a simple
      m4 macro file that passes define()'s in to magicfilter.
    * the code uses libmagic (either the one in recent versions of
      file(1) or a homemade clone of it in the copy of file that's
      included in the sources) to do pattern matching instead of
      hand-identifying file types.
    * system() is no longer used to execute filters and pipes; they are now
      directly execvp'ed to cut down on the number of processes
      magicfilter launches.  This means that environment variables
      are no longer substituted, except for the special case of single
      arguments named $FILE, which, if they are arguments to fpipe and
      ffilters, will be replaced with the name of the scratchfile created
      for the pipe.  If this is a major problem, pester me and I'll think
      about putting system() back in.
    * all new processes are children of magicfilter, instead of some being
      punted off into their own little groups.
    * reject doesn't do mail notifications yet.
      

Building magicfilter

    magicfilter 2.3 doesn't use gnu autoconf any more, because gnu autoconf
    requires gnu m4 and I don't have that on Mastodon.  Instead, I've written
    my own little replacement called configure.sh, which works somewhat the
    same as the gnu configure script:

    I configure magicfilter via:

    CC="cc -baout -m386" CFLAGS="-O2" ./configure.sh --prefix=/usr

    ./configure.sh --help gives a listing of the options it currently
    accepts; most are similar to the gnu autoconf ones, except --path,
    which gives configure a path so it will look for programs in places
    other than the default /bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/bin path. 


Copyrights

    libfile is made from the file(1) program, and carries the same
    BSD-style copyright.

    magicfilter itself ended up being completely rewritten, and now
    carries a BSD-style copyright.

    The manual pages were written by hpa, and thus carry the same
    copyright -- the GNU GPL -- as magicfilter 1.2 does.

    The filters were written by hpa, et alii, then trimmed fairly
    drastically for magicfilter 2.  They are public domain.



-david parsons (orc@pell.portland.or.us)
